# hello-world
A CH!NK's (Crazy Homeless ! No Kidding) version for D4RK51D3 G.F.X. LLC repository.

Hello World full of Politically Correct wanna-be's:

To explain the LLC & the name/acronym CH!NK, plus the reasons of choosing such a Racially Discriminating word and why it shouldn't bother ANYONE especially since we here at D4RK51D3 G.F.X. LLC feel 0% discriminated against.  

First off D4RK51D3 G.F.X. LLC was formed in 2009 while the CEO was a Independent Contractor working for the Communications Department of the Information Technology Agency (ITA) for the City of Los Angeles, California.  Hired first as a Computer Troubleshooting Installation Engineer that could complete a New/Replacement installation of a mobile CPU that had client/server handshake capabilities using a cellular connection through Sprint Communications and then experienced performing a QA/QC Test and have it perform it's intended programming (if test failed, then that's the reason why i was hired at any cost)
CEO had over 15 years of Information Technology experience for both Software Support and Hardware Support, a quick learner that has already self taught himself how to use DOS & LINUX, Webmaster & Graphic Designer to a Entertainment Production Corporation and several Non-Profit Organization's, plus had one time worked as a Game Tester with Activision Inc. in Santa Monica, California. Along with being proficient with building a computer from scratch and also working as a Network Administrator for not only his own DBA but others as well built up his resume that the City of Los Angeles' Communications Supervisor needed to hire that he knew was able to do the job.  With authorization to hire someone at all costs from the Senior Supervisor of the Communications Department, Senior Management of the ITA, and also from the City of Los Angeles before January 01, 2006 for a Project that was due to begin and did not want any prolonged postponement.  So the CEO was hired even having some issues in his criminal history, so background check, fingerprint check, even drug check were all bypassed since authorization had been given. Since he was hired his needs grew to be added to the clandestine R&D Labs within the ITA which has no budget and need for a R&D but the Senior Supervisor created one. That group has Researched and Developed multiple things dealing with radio communications and use for emergency response. They were the first to be able to send radio signals underground so emergency search and rescue team members could communicate with the Basecamp and each other during a crisis like an earthquake.  How else would you learn to run the broadcasting antenna on the ground floor instead of pointing upwards into the sky. Since radio waves run perpendicular from the antenna in waves to be able to direct waves down was to be able to transmit down. That's exactly how they simultaneously discovered broadcasting for avionics connecting the emergency response helicopters for both LAPD & LAFD.  But during the time he was being used to work as their R&D Fabrication Lab Engineer he formed D4RK51D3 G.F.X. LLC as a precaution to losing employment thus having a need to be able to provide an income.  But since it's creation a location and equity were never aquired although being a qualified corporation to take bids from local, state, and federal government as a reverse engineering and manufacturing corporation under the licensing to Research & Develope products to be used with transportation vehicle, DoD, and manufacturing or developing future weaponry that used no explosive propulsion but used electricity instead. He had designs, drawings, schematics, and even a few modifications for a sling carryable Railgun Rifle powered using electrical discharge. But that is didn't need a core that needed replacement, recharge, and even maintenance.  But to do so the safety of the user and confining the radiation was still in the Research phase. 

But due to the Ressession and Budget cuts within the City's needs his job that was as clandestine much like it's R&D was laid off and since no income could be generated from research information only the corporation exists but could not generate finding for him to keep his housing and thus became one of the tens of thousands of people who are homeless within the city of Los Angeles. But there also is this mental health issue that was never corrected from his youth that had only created actual mental health issues in his life. In the same year the corporation was founded he was also diagnosed with a mental disability of Bipolar Stage II.  His emotional and mental state of mind is constantly being triggered causing him ever changing emotional changes within seconds not days. A color could trigger him to be angry, a smell cause him to be violently aggressive, paranoia could force him to act like a child, insomnia, lethargic feelings, hopelessness, suicidal thoughts, sexually fustrated/triggered actions to either cause harm or to enjoy, either way his mind has been chemically imbalanced and kept unchecked for way too long that he has become just a statistic like all the other mentally disabled homeless person who live and try to survive. 

